Mobile: update docs for setORTB functions (#5759)
prebid/prebid.github.io: _includes/mobile/adunit-config-android.md

Each ad unit in the Original API is a subclass of the `AdUnit` class, which provides the following properties and methods for additional configuration.

### Arbitrary OpenRTB

(requires SDK v2.4.0)

> Prebid SDK allows the customization of the OpenRTB request on the global level using `setImpORTBConfig()` function: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prebid SDK allows the customization of the OpenRTB request on the impression level using the `setImpORTBConfig()` function: 
```

``` kotlin
adUnit.setImpOrtbConfig(
        "{" +
                "  \"bidfloor\": 0.01," +
                "  \"banner\": {" +
                "    \"battr\": [1,2,3,4]" +
                "  }" +
        "}"
);
```
 
The parameter passed to `setImpOrtbConfig()` will be merged into the respective `imp` object for this Ad Unit. For instance, the above example will add the `$.imp[0].bidfloor` and `$.imp[0].banner.battr` parameters to the bid request.  

> To invalidate the impression config, just set it to the empty string: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To empty out a previously provided impression config, just set it to the empty string: 
```
